,review
1,I ordered stuffed cheesy bread for a change and it was absolutely worth of every penny! It was so cheesy and satisfying. The cheese was so stringy when you were taking pieces apart and was so satisfying. I absolutely recommend it to others. Their advertisement matches to the quality of their product. I bought it from 1171 Upper James location.
2,"Assistant was very Professional and understood my complaint to the fullest with no attitude…Got right to the problem at hand and rectified the situation without it going overboard or to the next level, my problem was heard and not just given attitude, very, very Professional. 10/10 that that she resolved my problem and rectified the situation without further speaking to a higher figure!"
3,"Absolutely love the value with their ""buy at least two"" deal going on. I save a lot of money's and it's easy to sell at work. Plus, I get a free pizza every now and then using my points. How awesome is that? I rarely give my business to anyone else when it comes to pizza."
4,"Ordered a veggie lover's pizza without onion from the location on Kearney and they got it wrong. Was supposed to send a voucher to us for a free pizza yet we never got it, so we called again and they told us to wait, so we called again and Justin took care of his right then and there and had it sent to us within 30 minutes. I know it was so hard for the others but Justin got it right on how you're supposed to deal with your customers. Good job."
5,"Just another good experience with the Domino's Pizza store at Kathleen Square in North Lakeland, Fl. Ordered online, easy and seamless. Predicted 30-40 minute delivery time from the time my order was entered, ended up being less than 25 minutes. Our two pizzas were perfectly baked and just...pretty, as if the pizza chef made it for his/her own family. Seriously. The packaged chicken Caesar salad looks good, it's for my wife's lunch tomorrow. This is not our first order from this location, and the team at this store has nailed it every time. Keep it up and we will be continuing customers."
6,"I ordered dinner delivered from Domino's, Gymea, for my family at a cost of $70. Three hours later dinner still hadn't arrived. I tried to call repeatedly but staff were ignoring the phone. So I went into Domino's to complain. I was offered a refund which I was told would take two days to return to my bank account. Well It's been one month and despite repeated phone calls and promises the refund will be in my account 'tomorrow' I am still waiting. Never again Domino's. I am about to call Consumer Affairs and complain about you. I hope you go broke."
7,"I ordered a Philly Beef Sandwich from Domino's Pizza in North Brach MN ON 10/24/2022. STAFF WAS FRIENDLY. My question is WHERE'S THE BEEF? Very sparse amount of Beef in this sandwich, in fact there was more cheese than anything. Terrible quality."
8,The managers routinely stole my online delivery tips and were very bold about doing so. When 1 of the managers was informed she also began to also steal my tips. Theives at Michigan Store 1085 on Plymouth Road.
9,"25 SEP 22 I picked up a carry-out order from Dominos store #3551, located at 132 Tuckahoe Rd in Yonkers, NY. Upon entering the establishment, I witnessed the 2 staff members in the back of the store preparing food with their bare-hands. The members were touching the uncooked meats, cheeses & vegetables whilst adjusting their clothes and hair. The practice was incredibly unsanitary, cross-contaminating the food and no one seems to care. I reached out to Domino's that same night via email, it has been 25 days and I have heard nothing since from the company. This matter needs to be addressed immediately for the safety of the consumers."
10,The thing that tops my experience is the SUPERB customer service. Arrick is beyond amazing and is the reason we will be back! He made sure my order was correct and I had everything I need. He is respectful and professional. The app ordering was simple and easy and the food is consistently tasty.
11,"If you drive by a Domino's Pizza and get a sudden craving, go to any other pizza store, because you will be penalized for ordering in-store. They want you to order online. You need to plan your visit."
12,I ordered stuffed cheesy bread for a change and it was absolutely worth of every penny! It was so cheesy and satisfying. The cheese was so stringy when you were taking pieces apart and was so satisfying. I absolutely recommend it to others. Their advertisement matches to the quality of their product. I bought it from 1171 Upper James location.
13,"Assistant was very Professional and understood my complaint to the fullest with no attitude…Got right to the problem at hand and rectified the situation without it going overboard or to the next level, my problem was heard and not just given attitude, very, very Professional. 10/10 that that she resolved my problem and rectified the situation without further speaking to a higher figure!"
14,I ordered two pizzas for takeaway and garlic breadsticks..After I reached home I saw my second pizza was wrong one and after eating first one it felt like it was made long before I gave my order. Hardly any taste.
15,"9/10/22 I order chicken wings and salad and waiting for my order to be delivered and never showed. Call them to see and they snapped and said I would have to come and pick up. I said no and to deliver my damn order and they claimed they already did and that was a lie. 975 Grand Ave Saint Paul Mn 55105 needs to be shut down immediately. Poor service, poor management, poor staff, sad. So stay away from this location if you can. They don’t deserve customers or anything but a shutdown."
16,I have order from Domino’s in Kimberly WI numerous times and always have had issues. After waiting for 1 hour and 37 min for our dinner and being dissatisfied with the service and the quality of the product Today I am taking the time to write my first review ever because I am tired of this. Our pizza came without cheese and the pasta looked like it was eaten out of. I will never order from this location again. If I could give less stars I would and if I could attach a picture I would.
17,Me and my wife was told they didn’t have change for a 100$ then was told that they don’t take bills bigger than a 50$ then I was asked to hand back the food that was already in my car and was told to go get some small bills and and come back. Will never go back.
18,"I spent 20 minutes navigating their app to order dinner, consider the pop-up offers to add things, etc. Two minutes later the store manager calls me to say their store can only do pick-up orders for the rest of the night due to a driver shortage. Regardless whether I cancel altogether or switch to pick-up, she'll have to cancel my payment, which won't be refunded for 72 hrs. I ordered pizza in the 1st place because my week is so busy that there's little chance I'll remember to check for my refund in 72 hrs. Also, I have now spent the money I planned to spend tonight, on delivery, but I still have to order dinner. If my Kroger app can tell me my favorite salsa is available at the store near my kid's school, but not the one near our house, I don't accept that Domino's is incapable of warning me that I can't order delivery from my neighborhood store tonight... BEFORE they take my money."
19,"Once in a blue moon I think of having pizza, so today I ordered it from Domino's to have it in my lunch. At 3:41pm I ordered it and waited for 2 long hours and no delivery was made. There wasn't any response from the restaurant and the app just showed that my order will be delivered shortly. This is how the service of Domino's Pizza has degraded soo much. I will never order again, please stay away from mental harassment people."
20,Okay so about a month and a half ago I ordered food for $41 and some cents and I never received it. So I did get it refunded but at the end of the day the manager call me back 3 days ago and offered me two free pizzas and said that they will be available to me at any time but the day before I tried yesterday and there's always an issue so now I have to pay a delivery fee. So I didn't have the money for which I don't think I need delivery fee because the food was supposed to be delivered and I never got it so that should be included. 
21,I'm very disgusted and disappointed with my pizza. I don't usually go to Domino's but rather Pizza Hut. We saw there was 50% off pizzas and wanted to get some.  But that was horrible idea. I didn't have Domino's that long ago and it was absolutely amazing! But this.. This was a nightmare! We didn't have anymore money afterwards to get more food so that was the only thing we had in our fridge. It gave me food poisoning and made me vomit. You also got my order wrong. I asked for bacon not sausage on my pizza and medium sauce not high. And let me tell you one final thing the garbage from the dumpster from Kwik Trip tastes a lot better than your food. (Sorry for all capitals).
22,They never sent our food then they wanted to send us food food. Worst customer service ever. I ordered. They sent it to wrong address then the way they wanted to help was to send us cold food. Not a good fix. Nobody wants cold lunch then they said they called but didn’t call my phone.
23,Ordered pizza at 5:20. It's 8:37 now and it still hasn't arrived. Tried calling store numerous times but get no answer. Called customer service number and they tried to contact the store with no luck. She couldn't cancel the order or give me a refund. Said I would have to file a complaint.
24,"I ordered two pizzas online, for delivery from Dominos Pizza, in Albany, Louisiana with the coupon of 50% off full menu price. Delivery guy arrived, but without avail, there was no transaction. Delivery guy proceeded to call store manager and she did not honor the coupon, stating that the coupon is only available for carry-out. Pizzas were returned to store, after I tried to pay the amount advertised. Nowhere in Dominos coupon does it stipulate that the coupon is only valid for carry-out. Please see advertised coupon https://www.dominos.com/en/pages/order/coupon."
25,"I called Domino's Pizza this evening and tried to order 2 large pizzas and cheesy bread and was told the price would be $53 plus with tax and delivery charge. I gasped and said, ""What about the $7.99 pizzas you have been advertising?"" I was told that only applies if you order online. I said, ""Well I'm canceling the order, as I have experienced my card information being stolen with online orders more than 3 times just last year alone."" The lady said, ""Well I can give you 2 large pizzas and cheesy bread for $30 plus,"" I laughed and said, ""I cancel the cheesy bread, where are we at now,"" she said the best she could do was $20 plus for 2 large pizzas."
26,"I order a steak and cheese sandwich and they sent a bread with burned cheese, no steak. Called manager to replace it, she gave me the excuse that the order said only plain. I explain in detail. Again she gave me the excuse of the plain order."
27,"I placed a call-in, for pick up order for a single Medium Extravaganza pizza at 7:07pm on Sat 8/13/22 in Port Lavaca, TX and was told it would be ready in about 15 min. I arrived at 7:20pm and was told it would be ready in a couple minutes. I paid for it and stepped aside. I noticed a single Medium pizza box on the ""Order out"" shelf with a Ticket tapped to the box. The cashier looked at it but grabbed another order off of the same shelf and handed it to a customer waiting at the counter. This same scenario went on for about 5 more minutes. She looked at the ticket on the Medium Pizza box but removed and delivered a different order and continued to work doing her other duties. I suspected she was looking at my order but not giving it to me, so I asked her about it. Sure enough, it was my pizza. She gave it to me apologizing. I took it home to eat. The Pizza had cooled off so much it was like eating ""Day old Pizza"". That will be my Last Domino's order."
28,"Yesterday I ordered online to Domino’s app 2 veg pizza, but domino’s delivered nonveg pizza to me. My family is pure vegetarian. My religious sentiments were deeply hurt. I tried to contact domino’s. I want compensation for this blunder mistake. They told me that they will send same order within half an hour, and half refund will given. After some time same order was delivered but no refund issued. I just want compensation, apology, refund. What is the cost of religious sentiments to anyone?"
29,"Picked up an order for the first time since our move. If I can upload a picture, no words will be required for the burnt chicken order. The other items were normal and acceptable. I guess the details aren't important for all items."
30,"I called Monday, just before 6:00pm. I ordered my pizza with a pie cut and no oregano. My receipt even says to cut it like a pie. The tracker showed that my pizza was taken out of the oven at 6:27 and ""quality checked"". My order was delivered at 6:52pm. Upon opening the box, my pizza came to me in pieces and had oregano on it. I WILL NOT eat pieces of pizza. It was cut into squares. "
31,"I ordered garlic knots as a late night snack, since Domino's is the only local food joint nearby that is open late. After eating the garlic knots, that barely had garlic flavor, I became sick. I found myself hallucinating and quite doped out. This does not happen when I eat. I feel cheated and am concerned about the sanitary environment of Domino's; as well as drugged suspicion."
32,"Do NOT go to the Domino's Pizza store in Hoover Alabama on Lorna Road!!! I repeat, do NOT go there!!! I ordered the coupon special of 2 medium pizzas. One thin for my wife and a medium pepperoni special with mushrooms for me. When I got home there were NO mushrooms and I paid $9.95 for a medium. I called to let them know there were no mushrooms. They do NOT answer the phone!!! While on hold, I am hearing that I can get a large 3 topping pizza for $7.99 each. What a ripoff and remember, I paid $9.95 for something less."
33,Just an FYI. The $3.99 to $4.99 delivery charge is not for the driver/ delivery person. The company keeps it. This is terrible as I thought it was part of their tip. Domino’s should be ashamed of themselves.
34,"The app/website is always working properly when I’m using it to make a purchase. I log in fine and have no issues. Anytime I attempt to redeem the pizza I’ve earned I am met with utter disappointment. When I open the app I'm always logged in, when I select to redeem a pizza it says verify your password. This is where the circle of death starts. You enter in your password and it either says incorrect or account locked. You hit reset password, no email is sent. This goes on and on for the better part of 20mins or until you give up. If you don’t want people to redeem the free pizza then simply do offer it."
35,"Hello, I have placed an order from Domino's app today, the delivery person cancelled the order and ruined the happiness which we are going to celebrate, when I tried to call the outlet manager they told me they have some policies under which a delivery person (Mr. **) can cancel the delivery without customer confirmation, how can a delivery person has the authority to cancel the order. Also, the delivery boy has unprofessional behaviour on the call after asking, ""Why you have cancelled the order."" "
36,They make customer foolish.. Very bad taste. Stomach infection. Very very bad totally. Money wastage. Many customers in front me who did order return without food because they were not able to give timely. So poor quality.
37,Ordered pizza and garlic bread like usual and the food was left on the ground and covered with ants! We never gave instructions to leave pizza on porch! Was given another pizza and never even ate it! Very disappointing!
38,"I ordered Domino's delivery online and was offered a coupon. I added my delivery information when prompted. During the process I was offered one add-on for a discount under the coupon. When I got to check-out, it said I could not add-on and the price went from $5.99 + whatever the add-on was, to $26.24. I was hungry I proceeded unhappily. The site offered status of my order with choices. I Amazon Alexa. Alexa confirmed."
39,"I ordered pizza for my family. Not only was the pizza never delivered but the money was taken out of my account not once but twice! Called and spoke to the manager who yelled at me because so many people where had called and I was the one that got it even though I was saying it's ok, it's not your fault! But being that everyone who had called was so ignorant by the time I called it was, I have been seeing you calling and I'm trying to fix the problem. What else do I want me to do.... And I'm saying it's ok, calm down, you're fine, she is yelling and yeah my door slammed and she got the momma bear!! I have yet to get a call or my money or food. Dominos wtf my Money"
40,I called to complain. I was told I would get a replacement. But the employee did not put in a book. So I m told. When I called for a replacement they told me there is no record and too bad for me. They do keep word not. Don't go there!
41,"Their customer service is nonexistent. Have been writing to them for over a month as I never received the $3.00 tip advertised on TV. Only response I got was ""order timed out"". Won't even tell me what that means. It's too bad as they have a good product but for $3.00 they will not see me in any of their stores!"
42,"Received unlawful and bad service. Wrote to Dominos Corp around 3/16/2022. No reply as of yet. Please see below. It's definitely ground for a legal action.I have few coupons from SaveAround coupon book that I had been purchasing for the last 10 or so years to support local High Schools. One of the coupons that the book has is from Domino’s (buy any, one or more toping large pizza, and get another free of equal or lesser value), and there’s no restriction whatsoever. Besides buying other stuff throughout the year from Domino’s, I had been using this coupon to buy one spatiality pizza (it has more than one topping) at the regular menu price and get another one for free as indicated."
43,Call the West Main Street Domino's in Meriden Connecticut and order a large pepperoni pizza and when I get there they were arguing with me that it was a medium pepperoni. Wrong. The lady who I even spoke with said my order back to me. They claim they record calls. Well check my call recording. I'm pissed. This place in Meriden is such a joke. They need to learn to hire people that know how to do their job.
44,"I ordered pizza online for pickup. When I came into the store the pizza was already done. I paid my bill. There were four people standing around the guy that took my money, walked away and then I waited for 10 minutes until an employee that worked all the time noticed that the pizza was not given to me. What a bad customer service and the poor lady that was working while all the other guys were just standing around doing nothing."
45,"Well, that massive and creative marketing campaign about a $3 tip isn't really a tip. Domino's saves on gas and employees, but you don't save anything unless you are buying pizza every 7 days. Yep, your ""tip"" expires in 7 days. Isn't this false or misleading advertising? If I give a driver $3 tip, does it just disappear from his/her pocket in 3 days (probably, but you know what I mean)?"
46,"Welp!! I didn't get my wings I so badly wanted at the time. Too bad I can't post my pictures. HIGHLY disappointed. 2 large hand tossed, bread twist, 8pc WINGS PLAIN, 2 2-liters... Got everything right but THE WINGS!! Gave me two boxes of Garlic Bread twist."
47,"Ordered from Dominoes in FT Lauderdale FL Online. Oder said processing, two hours later card was charged and site still said prepping order. Tried to call store and sat on hold for an hour. WORST service I have ever had would not recommend to Anyone."
48,"AUSTIN IN CASTLE HAYNE NC HAS A VERY RUDE AND NEGATIVE ATTITUDE WITH REPEAT CUSTOMERS. VERY BAD. PLEASE LET HIM GO. He refuses to give out his name. Will NOT give out corporate phone number for fear of being reported. He told his employees not to give out manager name or corporate phone number, that if I want corporate number I have to go to store."
49,I used to order as a last resort when starving. But pizza has gotten saltier and saltier. Pure salt. But what really turned me off from the company is how they just went on an attack in the delivery drivers by promoting to tip the customer $3 if they pick up their own food. They always charge ridiculous made up fees. False advertise on prices. Always mess up orders. Bad on the phone. But to see that they don’t even care or take care of their own workers sealed it. Never again I give them business.
50,Ordered a large pizza well done and it was burnt black on edges and sausage was too hard and black also. Took a piece back to verify and manager said this is what well done looks like. I have ordered this before and it has never been like this. Pizza was inedible! New manager does not know what pizza should look like. Very poor customer service!
51,No don't. Gave me headache and puked on eating. Order placed yesterday and gave me stale food and I got sick and puked. The whole order is in garbage. Even the garbage disposal service is asking of 100 units to dispose on top of 400 units paid for. And needless to say got to bed hungry.
52,"Whoever changed the prices recently, I just want to talk. Example: the chocolate lava cakes use to be $3.99 for 2. Now they're $6.99 for 3. So you get 1 more cake and have to pay the same price for 2 twice. I don't know. Maybe it's just me loving food too much, but that's unfair to me and I'm disappointed. Haha."
53,"I had been a long time Domino's customer until yesterday. I ordered pizza and was called informing me that the delivery was near. I informed the driver that I was on my way downstairs to receive the delivery. I waited and no delivery. I called the store upset that I had not received my pizza and was hung up on because they did not like my tone. I rode by bike down to the store and informed a manager of the situation. He stated that the driver had made several calls - untrue and that the pizza was left at the building entrance - untrue. I received a text with a photo of a building entrance that is not mine. I became more upset explaining the situation and was asked to leave the store. This is not the first time I have experienced delivery problems. At any rate, this company has lost a 30 year customer. Shop Pizza Hut or Papa John's. Forget Domino's, I will!"
54,BRING BACK THE CHEESEBURGER PIZZA!! Please..My husband and I really wanted the pizza the other day and were super excited to get it delivered to our house. Turn out that you guys no longer make that pizza. Made us super upset. We want it back. I'm sure a lot of people want it back too. So Please Please bring it back.
55,"My wife and I have alternated Domino's and Pizza Hut for the past few years, but we are done with Domino's. She orders a thin crust w/ Italian sausage (normal). I order pan w/ extra sausage. I ALWAYS end up with about 1/3 of hers. I prefer their taste, but I feel like I am getting cheated every time - paying extra for much less. I've taken pics the last few times but they are too big to upload and it's pathetic."
56,"They keep saying they are making changes....Well it is WAY worse here. When the driver showed up with the food he only had less than half, I asked why thinking he would say it's in the car.... No. With the receipt in hand..the store I thought I got it all.... 3 boxes well there were 4 more. Had to wait 20 more min for the rest. While we waited we had a slice and I take it they are over stock in pepperoni and under in cheese. Horrible. I wasted over 100$ and 20$ tip ahead."
57,"Tonight I ordered from store #8841 I order a pizza and pasta and a 2 liter drink, after a hour and 20 mins we called the store and the manager said check to see if your neighbor has your order. We don’t live in a projects. We live in a very nice and upkeep neighborhood so I went to the door. My food was placed on the porch not steps and nobody rang nor called to let us know they were there. His excuse was the driver was going home not a good excuse for me to know I paid 28.67 and got the worst service and the manager wasn’t good at customer service. He kept giving a excuse that they should have rang the door bell but they didn’t. Well the food was ice cold like the soda was sitting on cement. "
58,"These people now started robbery, I placed order, and not delivered even after 1hr, they not even informed me that they will be late, when I called delivery boy he says ""I can't assure when can I come,"" and another strange is my order says delivered in the app."
59,"I ordered online to have my order delivered. Once they delivered a food item was missing. I called and the person said he was the manager and was very rude. He would not give his name and I tried to tell him what was missing by reading the item from the receipt. He refused to hear what I was reading off receipt. I asked for his superior, he refused. I said I would complain he said go ahead. And hung up on me. "
60,Store 12693 main st suite 240 Hesperia. I had a problem with my order and I called to the restaurant and talked to the manager **. She was so great and fixed my problem so smoothly. I really did appreciate how nice they solved my problem.
61,Food ordered. We're 10 minutes away from the store and it takes 45 minutes to an HOUR for the food to finally get to us. Pizza is always under or overcooked. They take no concern about gluten or dairy allergies. I don't know why people even like it. It's horrendous.
62,"Due to some delivery issues, I did not get my order and the delivery agent marked it as not contactable. But the manager, Aman, ensures that it reached me within 15 mins. You should have more employees like him. Give him a raise!"
63,"Last month I ordered online, waited 3 hours, called several times, and when the driver arrived he delivered my meal next door to my neighbor. Granted it's not their fault about the bad neighbor but I did try and catch the driver while he was next door, called the store to complain, and filed complaint with corporate with no response. This time I went in store and ordered, waited 30 minutes listening to the workers discuss gays, rednecks, and what they like and don't like. Food handed to me and inspected. Pizza burnt, given not completely and or correctly cooked, and no sauce for dessert. They offered to replace fresh but this was going to be another 45 minutes. Called complaint line and still no answer after 2 days. Never again :( Oh and the meal was just over 50 dollars and I took pictures."
64,Ordered a pizza delivery online. Pizza tracker indicates pizza is done and 45 minutes later it’s finally out for delivery. Delivery took 35 minutes even though I’m 5 minutes from the store. Pizza was COLD. Called the manager at the store and she was unconcerned. The we make it right option on the app is a joke. This is their response “We are unable to guarantee delivery times.” Fenton MO Store. Scott **. Customer Service Associate. MBR Management/dba Domino's.
65,"Walked in yesterday evening to get pizza and wings. It took 10 minutes for the guy at the register to enter and charge me for the order. No price list anywhere in the store. Food disgusting, missing dip that is included in the price."
66,"I just had a pizza from Domino’s and usually it is $ 7.99. However I was charged $18.24 this evening. So when I questioned the cashier 4735 he was rude and said I have to do online in order to get that price. I tried to explain him that I always pay at the cashier $ 7.99 why this time price is high and I even asked him, ""Have you guys raised the price."" He said, ""No and this is what You have to pay."" I never ever go to Pickerington (Columbus, Ohio) Domino’s Pizza."
67,"Tried to order double pepperoni on the 5.99$ special. Only gives option for extra. Called Domino's, they can't take order on phone. Only through website. Confirmed with employee extra is not double toppings. YOU ARE NOT TRULY GETTING 2 TOPPINGS FOR 5.99!!!!"
68,Very happy with service. Workers are nice. Food is always warm and well prepared. My go to one is Smithtown. Curbside and store pickup are always spot on. I would recommend this store to anyone. My favorite is the specialty pie.
69,"I've ordered hundreds of Domino's pizzas over the past 15 yrs! At one point I ate 1 everyday for over a month. Not sure what's going on, but they seem to be slacking on giving customers what they order... My last 5 orders, I've ordered triple cheese and had not received it even after complaining to to the franchise and receiving a free pizza for not getting triple cheese... I wonder how often this happens! I'm guessing to save money, the franchises are cheaping out and giving regular cheese when YOU order extra or triple cheese! This is stealing from customers!! I've pretty much lost all hope in dominos and will be spending my moneys in places that give me what I order, I suggest YOU do the same."
70,I placed an order online & was charged $32. When the order was almost complete I get to the store and they tell me the order was cancelled because it was slow night & they had to close. Unprofessional.
71,"This is the incident that happened today Feb 6th. My bf placed an online order #27 at the store on Church Street in Concord. He gave me a copy of his online receipt given by Domino that he had been paid since Feb 5th. Later my Godmother went there to pick it up for me, but the ticket showed was not paid. He told me that they had charged on his credit card. He has been ordered to the same locations two times as one for my birthday, the other time for some holiday. This never happened before."
72,"If I can give they them 0 stars I would. 1st of all they messed up my order, I called. That way they won't mess up. I order 2 pizza and ended up with one. The pizza was not cut into slices. The chicken wings were not cooked. More like raw. I order ginger ale received coke. I usually order from Village Pizza a party size for 30 but decided to try something different. I ended spending 50 on an order that was not even worth the money.. When I called to complain all they can say is, ""What do you want me to do?"" SMH. Awful customer service. DON'T ORDER FROM DOMINO'S!!!"
73,"I hadn't had Domino's in probably over a decade but friend was feeling nostalgic so we ordered pizza and wings. The garlic parm wings were almost inedible, swimming in a cream sauce and with almost no meat. So coated they kept slipping out of my hand. It looked like a dry rub in the picture on my phone or i wouldn't have ordered them. The pizza was underwhelming, good texture but very bland. It'll probably be another decade before someone convinces me to eat Domino's again."
74,Don't get me wrong I love Domino's Pizza but having to wait 1 hour for a pizza is crazy then when I get the pizza it isn't even fresh. I get they have to do other delivers but having to wait that long is crazy. My suggestion is to hire more people. Sorry if I sound like a Karren but it's just crazy. Even though they take a long time I still like the pizza.
75,The food was late and we had to microwave it which defeats the purpose of ordering out! The cookie brownie was burnt! The worst $70 spent on 2 small pizzas and 1 medium with the cookie brownie and I gave a 9 or 10 tip!
76,"Last time I had delivery I asked for contact delivery and when the driver showed up he knocked and would not leave until I had to open the door. This evening I ordered delivery again, the tracker went from checking order to delivery back to checking order. Finally said out for delivery again and took 20 minutes, it’s a four minute drive to my house!!! The pizza was not hot!!!! What the heck???"
77,I bought this bake dish because I like cheese. The cheese is greasy and disgusting. It left an after in my mouth. Dominos did not bake it as specified. It is a runny tasteless powder cheese. The so call baked cheese comes with garlic bread. The bread was not fresh. Do not buy it.
78,"It was around 6pm on 01/21/2022 I went in to Domino's on 6600 West Teutonia Ave in Milwaukee WI and place two orders. One for Pat that contain a medium pizza with sausage, pepperonis, black olives, green peppers and onions with a 10 piece hot wings that total to $26 and some cents and one for Lee was a medium with sausage and pepperonis and a ten piece BBQ.... However I did not get my order or my money for the order for Pat. "
79,Their discount program for $7.99 is really bogus. They charged me over $11.00 for it. Toppings are like dog food. The sausage is all ground up and Pizza has a funny taste. On top of that the Pizza was cold even though I picked it up at the store right away. I went back to the store and that same night and they did refund my money. But it ruined my dinner.
80,"Absolutely love the value with their ""buy at least two"" deal going on. I save a lot of money's and it's easy to sell at work. Plus, I get a free pizza every now and then using my points. How awesome is that? I rarely give my business to anyone else when it comes to pizza."
81,"I ordered 2 pizza but only 1 was ordered, the one I got was cold, burnt and salty. It taste horrible. I can honestly say it's the worst pizza I ever had. After calling the store I was told they would send the other pizza."
82,"We ordered 3 specialty pizzas from Domino's. Spent 70.00, hardly had any crust, sauce and topping on all three pizzas. Very very disappointing. My whole family and myself believe that frozen pizza would have surpassed the quality of product from Domino's."
83,Ordered food from Domino's on North 25th street. Derick took my order and made it. And it's the best food I've had in a very long time. I will definitely be ordering from him again! Somebody outta give the guy a raise because he is a perfectionist at his job!!!!
84,Terrible quality. I ordered a pizza and waited around an hour and a half for delivery and finally got a phone call that they have no delivery drivers. Terribly managed. No apology or sense of customer service. If I could give less than 1 star I would.
85,"Ordered a veggie lover's pizza without onion from the location on Kearney and they got it wrong. Was supposed to send a voucher to us for a free pizza yet we never got it, so we called again and they told us to wait, so we called again and Justin took care of his right then and there and had it sent to us within 30 minutes. I know it was so hard for the others but Justin got it right on how you're supposed to deal with your customers. Good job."
86,Pizza was terrible I ordered a X large 16 inch pizza and I received a old janky pizza that’s been sitting out. Terrible. Would like a refund. I want my money back! Pizza was hard and crusty. I want money back!!!
87,"Ordered pizza on-line and got a verified order number and a time to pick up our pizza. Time was 25-30 minutes after I placed the order on-line. I placed the order at 5:10pm, so worst case, our pizza should have been ready for pick-up at 5:40. I got to the restaurant at 5:25 and our pizza hadn't even been made! The very rude lady at the register told me they were behind (why didn't THEIR web-site state this??), and I could always just cancel my order if I didn't like it!! Really, your answer to terrible customer service is to cancel the order?? I asked on-line for the pizza to be ""well done"", and of-course it wasn't. They removed the pie before it reached the end of the baking rack, so when I finally got it home it was very ""doughy"". Got my pizza at 5:57pm....a full 27 minutes later than the LATEST estimated time for pick-up. This ""store"" on 6920 E. Baseline Rd. in Mesa, AZ has got to be the absolute worst Domino's I have ever visited."
88,I'm a hotshot driver and travel quite a bit. I stay in hotels and order a Domino's pizza about 75% of the time because it's easy but tonight I'm in Columbus Ohio and ordered a pizza from store #2319. It was in prep for 1 hour and 20 minutes and took 2 hours and 15 minutes to get delivered. It was also cold when it got here. I have successfully found the worst Domino's in the country right here in Columbus Ohio.
89,"The location that was sending my pizza to make a complaint and speaking with the lady was telling her my pizza was cold and she tells me, ""it's cold outside"" and ""we can credit your account or send out another one."""
90,For the price is poor value. Delivery plus tips are overboard. If late they blame the app. Never heard of anyone in our area getting the freebies they talk about on TV. Food is good quality but fees are too much and food lukewarm.
91,"Versova, I have paid extra amount. When I ask the in charge she told me 24hrs it will be refunded. But I went to store, had a word with Manager, called again, they didn’t refunded the amount even After showing statement."
92,"The Domino's pizza in Lomita Ca. 90717 on Walnut st. delivers OLD, COLD pizza. It took the guy over a half an hour to drive less than 1 mile to deliver a cold pizza that was missing toppings? They won't refund any money nor will they bring the right food or any food for that matter? Instead they want me to take %20 off the next time???? Like I would EVER do that again!"
93,"In the last year or so they have added jalapeno to the pie or pepperoni and I can’t eat it cause I break out in red skin. The flavour is dominated by this stuff. It’s like eating pepper. It’s unnecessary, so many foods have this crap."
94,This review covers all chain retail pizza outlets. I have experience the same problem with all of them as well as small independent outlets. Uncooked pizza dough. I have eaten pizza from every major chain outlet and have found; most often; that the dough is half cooked. If these outlets had fully cooked their pizza dough I would give them all 5 stars.
95,Omg they have the best gluten free pizza ever!! I love it!! For those of us who have to be gluten free what a great pizza! Especially the vegetarian gluten free pizza! It taste so rich with fresh tomatoes and vegetables. It just explodes your taste Buds! Healthy. Healthy!!!
96,"I tried to order delivery, and the website said the store was closed. I put my rating at 3 stars, instead of 1 star because the store normally delivers to me on time, or even before the time they promised, and their food has generally been correct and tasty. I ALWAYS tip. Seriously considering NEVER ordering again, simply because they chose to close on a Monday that is not a holiday of any kind."
97,I normally asked for a pizza delivery and after an hour they cancel my order. I tried to call the store for about 30 minutes and they never answered! This is the last time I ask for a Domino's pizza and I'll make sure any of my friends ask from Domino's again.
98,"I ordered the cheese oven baked cheese dip.. WHEN I SAY A JOKE, if you’re into paying basically 5-10 dollars depending on if you want the bread twist or not. SAVE YOUR MONEY. IT'S EQUIVALENT TO A SINGLE DIP FROM A RESTAURANT THAT COST LESS THAN A DOLLAR IF THAT."
99,I went back and I wanted my money back and they told me that they couldn’t do anything about it. They told me that they would make me another and I agree but it was the same thing. I will never go back to this place again in the rest of my life.
100,"Domino’s 13061 #E Bakersfield CA. I normally receive excellent customer service and good pizza every time I order from this location. Tonight there was only one person working who appeared to be stressed, overworked and overwhelmed as she made my pizza wrong the first time. It was perfectly well done but wrong toppings. I was very patient and didn't complain. I waited for her to make the second pizza and although the toppings were perfect the pizza was burnt (I asked for well done but not burnt). I observed her making my second pizza, placing it back in the oven mid way and leaving it at the end of the oven for some minutes as she made someone else's order. Now I can't say this is why it was burnt. "
101,I received an email for a free pizza because the last one took so long. When I called to redeem it. I got hung up on. I had just given this store a great review for awarding me the free pizza. Temple Terrace.
102,"Just another good experience with the Domino's Pizza store at Kathleen Square in North Lakeland, Fl. Ordered online, easy and seamless. Predicted 30-40 minute delivery time from the time my order was entered, ended up being less than 25 minutes. Our two pizzas were perfectly baked and just...pretty, as if the pizza chef made it for his/her own family. Seriously. The packaged chicken Caesar salad looks good, it's for my wife's lunch tomorrow. This is not our first order from this location, and the team at this store has nailed it every time. Keep it up and we will be continuing customers."
103,"I purchased vouchers to gift my team, it was valid for 6 months. I had so much of issues to redeem. And when the voucher was about to expire, they never answered my call and waited till it was expired. Poor service. I don't think this feedback will reach them as they are least bothered about customers. I will never buy Domino's."
104,"I place my order on the Domino's app at 1:46pm for the Berea, OH location on 12/12/21. At 2:25 the tracker showed the order completed. At 3:05 I called the store & the mgr said he hadn’t had time to call me to tell me they had no drivers or to refund my order! Seriously?!"
105,"I want to sue them. They didn't deliver their food right to our door but they didn't. Now my mom won't order food from there ever again because of them. I want them back and also it happens every time she orders it. I want this pizza place gone forever and it will never come back. It's disgraceful for me, mom and dad"
106,"Went to the Bideford Branch,,,, Spent £22 and was charged on my card £42. After a sincere apology, I asked for refund on my card but 'they' are not allowed to. 'A Manager' told me not to worry it would be in my account the next day. I asked for some evidence of the overcharge... After a lot of huffing I got my receipt and card payment with a scribble... Refund due."
107,"Ordered a pizza from our local Domino's. It arrived cold and was not edible. On top of that, they charged a delivery fee of over $3.00. The total order came to more than $13 and wasn't worth anything. We would never order from this company again."
108,"The Domino's located at 13410 Preston Rd, Dallas, TX 75254 has the worst customer service ever! The last time we ordered pizza we were notified that our pizza had been delivered but no pizza. Call the store and are told it is on its way. We live less than 5 miles from the store. Over 30 more minutes past before the pizza arrived. We order 1 pizza and some wings. Tonight we ordered the same thing, pizza and wings. We get a notification that says that the pizza is on the way. Almost an hour later, no pizza. Call the store and get the run around about where the pizza is. Ask for a manager. The manager refuses to get on the phone. Ask for a name and/or number for a regional/district manager and we are told they can't give out personal information. Asked how it is personal when they are running a business and are told call 1-800- Dominos. 30 minutes after this conversation, pizza arrives and was sent back."
109,Worstest service ever. I have visited store order for veg paradise. They given cheese pizza which is disgusting. Customer service gave only reason when we called. After payment bill was not given. 2 days before we order online payment done and last minute order cancel and refund will after 7 to 9 working days. Is this bank or store **.
110,The pizza was cold and tasteless. I wanted extra sauce and didn't get it. The person that delivered it had an attitude. It was the worse experience ever. The cheese taste like cardboard and the price was high.
111,Domino's has loads of customer. That's why delivery staff talking rudely behavior and store management also staff same less services and cancel my order. No one order dominos product order other food com
112,"So first they **. They don't wear gloves while they cooking the food, they was fighting in the back, one of them dropped the pizza on the FLOOR and picked it up and put it in the oven like it never happened. This is the LAST time I will be eating from Domino's and suggest you do the same."
113,"Domino's Pizza in Redlands, CA. Located at 107 E Colton Ave STE 100 City of Redlands in San Bernardino County. The pizza crust was burnt & the bacon. The manager was rude when I went in the next day with the actual pizza in the box to show her how burnt it was. She had the nerve to stand there & argue with me and tell me it wasn't burnt. My bf & I barely ate a slice each. The same night after I picked up the burnt pizza I called Domino's and told one of the employees that it was burnt & he gave me a $8 credit on my account which is kept on record by your phone number. So today I had decided to use that coupon & order another Pizza & when I drove there to pick it up that's when the female manager was rude and had no customer service manners at all."
114,"I usually loves Domino's Pizza but last night I ordered cheesy pasta and I was not taste up to expectations, so I reviewed that way. Next day they called me for closed the feedback, is it right way?? Feedback means to for every customer who is going to buy from your outlet... I'm getting this appropriate."
115,I ordered paneer makhani pizza from sector 15 chandigarh. It was delivered after more than 55 min and was too cold. Moreover no ketchup was served with the pizza. I have to throw that pizza. Very worst experience.
116,"I ordered pizza from Domino's and the delivery person could not wait for 5 minutes completely and yell at me so badly over the phone. Also, he literally dropped pizza boxes outside the building door. I am glad I was on the other side of the locked door, otherwise, it was not a safe experience at all. It is not about earning back a refund complaining, anyway I had to throw away that Pizza. I wish I could attach the image here. From now onwards I am not considering domino's as a Pizza option."
117,"Pre-ordered 6 pizzas for delivery at 6:30 pm. Was called at 6:15 pm to tell me they were cancelling my order. I asked to speak to the manager and was hung up on. I called back three times to be hung up on each time. Terrible management - terrible service! Do not order from the Circle Pines location. (9730 Lexington Ave, Circle Pines, Mn) I never will again!"
118,I was calling Domino's to ask them a question and they were just being really rude and disrespectful and fricken hung up on me after I was done asking them. That's what I call horrible service. Like what kind of company literally hangs up on someone for asking a question. Not even that! I was asking if I could pick it up. I was being all nice about it too. Just hang up on me.
119,I ordered a chicken caesar salad for delivery with my pizza. They called me saying they didn't have anymore of chicken caesar salad but they have garden salad so I said ok so just refund the difference back to my card. They said that the garden salad is the same price but how is that when chicken is more expensive to add to something. What a rip off!
120,We gone to Domino's Pizza near grand mall. First when we enter one man was not responding. We are asking about where to order. But they are laughing and talking with someone and never responding. But the food was amazing. For that only I gave 3 stars if not you will be losing the three stars. Please make it right to be a best. When the person enters you should be serious. Ok make it right. All the best.
121,"Worst experience with Domino's staff and quality of pizza. We went to two restaurant of domino's. First we go to Jail Road. They refuse to take our order at 8:30 pm, because they were having so over worked these type of people you having in customer dealing very bad impression. Then we go to Tilak Nagar restaurant. There we wait for 40min for our order and get spoiled pizza on asking for ketchup they said ketchup is out of stock now. We people feel like fools who spent 500rs for spoiling our mood by eating pathetic pizza. They didn't give us bill. What type of services these brand giving."
122,Ordered 4 cheese pizza with extra cheese but the pizza just had only extra cheese and no other type of cheese was there from these four cheese. If you can't maintain quality then stop showing your ads bloody everywhere.
123,"Just wanted to say that their pizza is great. But if you let it sit for longer than 30 minutes in the box, it sticks to the box so that you can't even pick up the remaining pieces. So you can lose up to 75% of the pizza to the box it sticks to!"
124,I ordered the Hawaiian pizza. It was so undercooked. The die was wet and fell apart. They also stopped their 2 minute timer after 24 seconds and took another 35 seconds to get out to my car. I asked why they stopped it and he laughed and gave me bullcrap excuse.
125,"I ordered about 40 dollars worth of food one evening around 8pm and about ten minutes after I placed the order online, I get a call. They have no delivery drivers, so I was not getting my order. Then he promptly hung up on me. When I called back to ask for a refund of my money, he hung up on me again. This happened at least 5 times before I gave up. So I called Pizza Hut. Much better company."
126,"I'm allergic to a protein in cow's milk and therefore cannot eat cheese. I ordered a pizza from Domino's and drove and picked it up. Drove home and opened the box, it was covered with cheese. I called the store, sat on hold, got hung up on (I know they hung up, because I saw the manager do it while I was in the store). Drove back to the store with the incorrect pizza and my receipt. I asked for the manager, he came up. Asked what was wrong, I told him. He said, ""Oh yeah, I just looked at it real fast and missed that. I'll make you another one."" He made a new pizza, put it in the oven and left. The employee in the front got my new pizza out of the oven, cut it, put it in a box, and gave it to me. No customer service AT ALL. No, ""We're sorry,"" no nothing. I'm gonna give Marco's Pizza down the street a try next time."
127,The pizza was burnt or too spicy. We are very disappointed and this is not the first time. This is the last time we are going to order from Domino's. I know other people who were also disappointed with their food.
128,Do not order from them!! We have been and always late. But this time no delivery. Ordered at 9pm and called at10 pm no answer. My account was charged and credited but everyone is still hungry!! Never again.
129,"We ordered our pizzas at 2 pm for 5 pm. At 5:15 we TRIED to call the store, waited on phone for 35 minutes! By chance we got another call in call waiting at 5:45. It was the store on 16 th Ave in Conway South Carolina. Whoopy, telling us that our pizza was waiting for an hour to be delivered in another 3-4 hours! First this notice was already 45 minutes late! And on top we should wait another 3-4 hours for a cold pizza? This absolutely sucks. Trust me, this was the very last time I ordered from your company. I asked politely to cancel my order, reimburse our money and ordered from a local pizzeria. Thanks for absolute horrid customer service. I’ll tell that story to whoever wants to hear it. Furthermore I’ll leave my reviews where ever I can post it, Yelp, Yellow Pages etc.!!!!"
130,"I've been trying to redeem my free pizza online for over a week in app and I keep generic ""checkout error"" on website. It's ""We are sorry but an error has occurred. Please try again momentarily."" And to contact the store but they can't help me redeem pizza since it needs to be done online. So I decided to contact Domino's customer service number. They too couldn't help me even after giving them access to my account and they seeing free pizza. They also received same error message. I'm currently quarantined due to Covid. In financial distress as most of us are. And can't even redeem a free pizza I earned through points. Highly disappointed."
